ninef$9F
ninef2$9F Cabrio
blista$Blista
asea$Asea
asea2$Asea (Snow)
boattrailer$Boat Trailer
bus$Bus
armytanker$Army Tanker
armytrailer$Army Trailer
coach$Dashound
airbus$Airport Bus
asterope$Asterope
airtug$Airtug
ambulance$Ambulance
barracks$Barracks
barracks2$Barracks Semi
baller$Baller (Old)
baller2$Baller (New)
bjxl$BeeJay XL
banshee$Banshee
benson$Benson
bfinjection$Injection
biff$Biff
blazer$Blazer
blazer2$Blazer Lifeguard
blazer3$Hot Rod Blazer
bison$Bison
bobcatxl$Bobcat XL
bodhi2$Bodhi
buccaneer$Buccaneer
buffalo$Buffalo
buffalo2$Buffalo S
bulldozer$Dozer
bullet$Bullet
blimp$Atomic Blimp
burrito2$Bugstars Burrito
burrito3$Burrito
burrito5$Burrito (Snow)
cavalcade$Cavalcade (Old)
cavalcade2$Cavalcade (New)
policet$Police Transporter
gburrito$Gang Burrito
cablecar$Cable Car
caddy$Golf Caddy
caddy2$Caddy
camper$Camper
carbonizzare$Carbonizzare
cheetah$Cheetah
comet2$Comet
cogcabrio$Cognoscenti Cabrio
coquette$Coquette
cutter$Cutter
gresley$Gresley
dilettante$Dilettante
dilettante2$Dilettante (Security)
dune$Dune Buggy
dune2$Space Docker
hotknife$Hotknife
dloader$Duneloader
dubsta$Dubsta
dubsta2$Dubsta 2
dump$Dump
rubble$Rubble
docktug$Docktug
dominator$Dominator
emperor$Emperor
emperor3$Emperor (Snow)
entityxf$Entity XF
exemplar$Exemplar
elegy2$Elegy RH8
f620$F620
fbi$FIB Buffalo
fbi2$FIB SUV
felon$Felon
felon2$Felon GT
feltzer2$Feltzer
firetruk$Fire Truck
flatbed$Flatbed
forklift$Forklift
fq2$FQ 2
fusilade$Fusilade
fugitive$Fugitive
futo$Futo
granger$Granger
gauntlet$Gauntlet
habanero$Habanero
hauler$Hauler
handler$Dock Handler
infernus$Infernus
ingot$Ingot
intruder$Intruder
issi2$Issi
jackal$Jackal
journey$Journey
jb700$JB 700
khamelion$Khamelion
landstalker$Landstalker
lguard$Lifeguard
manana$Manana
mesa$Mesa
mesa2$Mesa (Snow)
mesa3$Mesa (Merryweather)
crusader$Crusader
minivan$Minivan
mixer$Mixer
mixer2$Mixer (8 Wheels)
monroe$Monroe
mower$Lawn Mower
mule$Mule
oracle$Oracle XS
oracle2$Oracle
packer$Packer
patriot$Patriot
pbus$Prison Bus
penumbra$Penumbra
peyote$Peyote
phantom$Phantom
phoenix$Phoenix
picador$Picador
pounder$Pounder
police$Police Cruiser
police4$Unmarked Cruiser
police2$Police Cruiser (Buffalo)
police3$Police Cruiser (Interceptor)
policeold1$Police Rancher
policeold2$Police Roadcruiser
pony$Pony
prairie$Prairie
pranger$Park Ranger
premier$Premier
primo$Primo
rancherxl$Rancher XL
rancherxl2$Rancher XL (Snow)
rapidgt$Rapid GT
rapidgt2$Rapid GT Cabrio
radi$Radius
ratloader$Rat-Loader
rebel$Rusty Rebel
regina$Regina
rebel2$Rebel
rentalbus$Rental Shuttle Bus
ruiner$Ruiner
rumpo$Rumpo
rhino$Rhino Tank
riot$Police Riot
ripley$Ripley
rocoto$Rocoto
romero$Romero Hearse
sabregt$Sabre Turbo
sadler$Sadler
sadler2$Sadler (Snow)
sandking$Sandking XL
sandking2$Sandking SWB
schafter2$Schafter
schwarzer$Schwartzer
scrap$Scrap Truck
seminole$Seminole
sentinel$Sentinel XS
sentinel2$Sentinel
zion$Zion
zion2$Zion Cabrio
serrano$Serrano
sheriff$Sheriff Cruiser
sheriff2$Sheriff SUV
speedo$Speedo
speedo2$Clown Van
stanier$Stanier
stinger$Stinger
stingergt$Stinger GT
stockade$Stockade
stockade3$Stockade (Snow)
stratum$Stratum
sultan$Sultan
superd$Super Diamond
surano$Surano
surfer$Surfer
surge$Surge
taco$Taco Van
tailgater$Tailgater
taxi$Taxi
trash$Trashmaster
tractor$Tractor
tractor2$Fieldmaster
tractor3$Fieldmaster (Snow)
baletrailer$Baletrailer
tiptruck$Tipper
tiptruck2$Tipper (6 Wheels)
tornado$Tornado
tornado4$Mariachi Tornado
tourbus$Tourbus
towtruck$Towtruck
towtruck2$Towtruck (Small)
utillitruck$Cherry Picker
utillitruck2$Utility Truck
utillitruck3$Sadler Utility Truck
voodoo2$Voodoo
washington$Washington
stretch$Stretch
youga$Youga
ztype$Z-Type
sanchez$Sanchez (livery)
sanchez2$Sanchez
scorcher$Scorcher
tribike$Whippet Race Bike
tribike2$Endurex Race Bike
tribike3$Tri-Cycles Race Bike
fixter$Fixter
cruiser$Cruiser
bmx$BMX
policeb$Police Bike
akuma$Akuma
carbonrs$Carbon RS
bagger$Bagger
bati$Bati 801
bati2$Bati 801RR
ruffian$Ruffian
double$Double-T
pcj$PCJ 600
vader$Vader
vigero$Vigero
faggio2$Faggio
hexer$Hexer
annihilator$Annihilator
buzzard$Buzzard Attack Chopper
buzzard2$Buzzard
cargobob$Cargobob
cargobob2$Cargobob (Jetsam)
skylift$Skylift
polmav$Police Maverick
maverick$Maverick
nemesis$Nemesis
frogger$Frogger
cuban800$Cuban 800
duster$Duster
stunt$Mallard
mammatus$Mammatus
jet$Jet
shamal$Shamal
luxor$Luxor
titan$Titan
lazer$P-996 LAZER
cargoplane$Cargo Plane
squalo$Squalo
marquis$Marquis
dinghy$Dinghy
dinghy2$Dinghy (2 Seater)
jetmax$Jetmax
predator$Police Predator
tropic$Tropic
seashark$Seashark
submersible$Submersible
freight$Train
tr4$Trailer
velum$Velum
adder$Adder
voltic$Voltic
vacca$Vacca
suntrap$Suntrap
submersible2$Kraken
dukes$Dukes
dukes2$Duke O'Death
buffalo3$Sprunk Buffalo
dominator2$Pisswasser Dominator
dodo$Dodo
marshall$Marshall
blimp2$Xero Blimp
gauntlet2$Redwood Gauntlet
stalion$Stallion
stalion2$Burger Shot Stallion
blista2$Blista Compact
blista3$Go Go Monkey Blista
bifta$Bifta
speeder$Speeder
kalahari$Kalahari
paradise$Paradise
btype$Roosevelt
jester$Jester
turismor$Turismo R
alpha$Alpha
vestra$Vestra
zentorno$Zentorno
massacro$Massacro
huntley$Huntley S
thrust$Thrust
rhapsody$Rhapsody
warrener$Warrener
blade$Blade
glendale$Glendale
panto$Panto
dubsta3$Dubsta 6x6
pigalle$Pigalle
monster$Liberator
sovereign$Sovereign
innovation$Innovation
hakuchou$Hakuchou
furoregt$Furore GT
miljet$Miljet
besra$Besra
coquette2$Coquette Classic
swift$Swift
jester2$Jester (Racecar)
massacro2$Massacro (Racecar)
ratloader2$Rat-Truck
slamvan$Slamvan
velum2$Velum 5-Seater
casco$Casco
boxville4$Boxville
hydra$Hydra
insurgent$Insurgent Pick-Up
insurgent2$Insurgent
technical$Technical
savage$Savage
enduro$Enduro
guardian$Guardian
lectro$Lectro
kuruma$Kuruma
kuruma2$Kuruma (Armored)
valkyrie$Valkyrie
slamvan2$Lost Slamvan
swift2$Swift Deluxe
luxor2$Luxor Deluxe
feltzer3$Stirling GT
osiris$Osiris
virgo$Virgo
windsor$Windsor
coquette3$Coquette BlackFin
vindicator$Vindicator
t20$T20
brawler$Brawler
toro$Toro
chino$Chino
faction$Faction
faction2$Faction Custom
moonbeam$Moonbeam
moonbeam2$Moonbeam Custom
primo2$Primo Custom
chino2$Chino Custom
buccaneer2$Buccaneer Custom
voodoo$Voodoo Custom
lurcher$Lurcher
btype2$Fr√§nken Stange
verlierer2$Verlierer
nightshade$Nightshade
mamba$Mamba
limo2$Turreted Limo
schafter3$Schafter V12
schafter4$Schafter LWB
schafter5$Schafter V12 (Armored)
schafter6$Schafter LWB (Armored)
cog55$Cognoscenti 55
cog552$Cognoscenti 55 (Armored)
cognoscenti$Cognoscenti
cognoscenti2$Cognoscenti (Armored)
baller3$Baller LE
baller4$Baller LE LWB
baller5$Baller LE (Armored)
baller6$Baller LE LWB (Armored)
supervolito$SuperVolito
supervolito2$SuperVolito Carbon
valkyrie2$Valkyrie MOD.0
tampa$Tampa
sultanrs$Sultan RS
banshee2$Banshee 900R
btype3$Roosevelt Valor
faction3$Faction Custom Donk
minivan2$Minivan Custom
sabregt2$Sabre Turbo Custom
slamvan3$Slamvan Custom
tornado5$Tornado Custom
virgo2$Virgo Classic Custom
virgo3$Virgo Classic
nimbus$Nimbus
xls$XLS
xls2$XLS (Armored)
seven70$Seven-70
fmj$FMJ
bestiagts$Bestia GTS
pfister811$811
brickade$Brickade
rumpo3$Rumpo Custom
volatus$Volatus
prototipo$X80 Proto
reaper$Reaper
tug$Tug
windsor2$Windsor Drop
lynx$Lynx
gargoyle$Gargoyle
tyrus$Tyrus
sheava$ETR1
omnis$Omnis
le7b$RE-7B
contender$Contender
trophytruck$Trophy Truck
trophytruck2$Desert Raid
rallytruck$Dune
cliffhanger$Cliffhanger
bf400$BF400
tropos$Tropos Rallye
brioso$Brioso R/A
tampa2$Drift Tampa
tornado6$Tornado Rat Rod
faggio3$Faggio Mod
faggio$Faggio Sport
raptor$Raptor
vortex$Vortex
avarus$Avarus
sanctus$Sanctus
youga2$Youga Classic
hakuchou2$Hakuchou Drag
nightblade$Nightblade
chimera$Chimera
esskey$Esskey
wolfsbane$Wolfsbane
zombiea$Zombie Bobber
zombieb$Zombie Chopper
defiler$Defiler
daemon2$Daemon
ratbike$Rat Bike
shotaro$Shotaro
manchez$Manchez
blazer4$Street Blazer
elegy$Elegy Retro Custom
tempesta$Tempesta
italigtb$Itali GTB
italigtb2$Itali GTB Custom
nero$Nero
nero2$Nero Custom
specter$Specter
specter2$Specter Custom
diablous$Diabolus
diablous2$Diabolus Custom
blazer5$Blazer Aqua
ruiner2$Ruiner 2000
dune5$Ramp Buggy
phantom2$Phantom Wedge
voltic2$Rocket Voltic
penetrator$Penetrator
boxville5$Armored Boxville
wastelander$Wastelander
technical2$Technical Aqua
fcr$FCR 1000
fcr2$FCR 1000 Custom
comet3$Comet Retro Custom
ruiner3$Ruiner 3
turismo2$Turismo Classic
infernus2$Infernus Classic
gp1$GP1
ruston$Ruston
xa21$XA-21
caddy3$Bunker Caddy
vagner$Vagner
phantom3$Phantom Custom
nightshark$Nightshark
cheetah2$Cheetah Classic
torero$Torero
hauler2$Hauler Custom
trailerlarge$Mobile Operations Center
technical3$Technical Custom
insurgent3$Insurgent Pick-Up Custom
apc$APC
tampa3$Weaponized Tampa
dune3$Dune FAV
trailersmall2$Anti-Aircraft Trailer
halftrack$Half-track
ardent$Ardent
oppressor$Oppressor
vigilante$Vigilante
bombushka$RM-10 Bombushka
alphaz1$Alpha-Z1
seabreeze$Seabreeze
tula$Tula
havok$Havok
hunter$FH-1 Hunter
microlight$Ultralight
rogue$Rogue
pyro$Pyro
howard$Howard NX-25
mogul$Mogul
starling$LF-22 Starling
nokota$P-45 Nokota
molotok$V-65 Molotok
rapidgt3$Rapid GT Classic
retinue$Retinue
cyclone$Cyclone
visione$Visione
z190$190z
viseris$Viseris
comet5$Comet SR
raiden$Raiden
riata$Riata
sc1$SC1
autarch$Autarch
savestra$Savestra
gt500$GT500
comet4$Comet Safari
neon$Neon
sentinel3$Sentinel Classic
khanjali$TM-02 Khanjali
barrage$Barrage
volatol$Volatol
akula$Akula
deluxo$Deluxo
stromberg$Stromberg
chernobog$Chernobog
riot2$RCV
avenger$Avenger
thruster$Thruster
yosemite$Yosemite
hermes$Hermes
hustler$Hustler
streiter$Streiter
revolter$Revolter
pariah$Pariah
kamacho$Kamacho
entity2$Entity XXR
cheburek$Cheburek
jester3$Jester Classic
caracara$Caracara
hotring$Hotring Sabre
seasparrow$Sea Sparrow
flashgt$Flash GT
ellie$Ellie
michelli$Michelli GT
fagaloa$Fagaloa
dominator3$Dominator GTX
tyrant$Tyrant
tezeract$Tezeract
gb200$GB200
issi3$Issi Classic
taipan$Taipan
blimp3$Blimp
mule4$Mule Custom
pounder2$Pounder Custom
pbus2$Festival Bus
patriot2$Patriot Stretch
swinger$Swinger
terbyte$Terrorbyte
oppressor2$Oppressor Mk II
strikeforce$B-11 Strikeforce
menacer$Menacer
scramjet$Scramjet
freecrawler$Freecrawler
stafford$Stafford
bruiser$Apocalypse Bruiser
bruiser2$Future Shock Bruiser
bruiser3$Nightmare Bruiser
brutus$Apocalypse Brutus
brutus2$Future Shock Brutus
brutus3$Nightmare Brutus
cerberus$Apocalypse Cerberus
cerberus2$Future Shock Cerberus
cerberus3$Nightmare Cerberus
clique$Clique
deathbike$Apocalypse Deathbike
deathbike2$Future Shock Deathbike
deathbike3$Nightmare Deathbike
deveste$Deveste Eight
deviant$Deviant
dominator4$Apocalypse Dominator
dominator5$Future Shock Dominator
dominator6$Nightmare Dominator
impaler$Impaler
impaler2$Apocalypse Impaler
impaler3$Future Shock Impaler
impaler4$Nightmare Impaler
imperator$Apocalypse Imperator
imperator2$Future Shock Imperator
imperator3$Nightmare Imperator
issi4$Apocalypse Issi
issi5$Future Shock Issi
issi6$Nightmare Issi
italigto$Itali GTO
monster3$Apocalypse Sasquatch
monster4$Future Shock Sasquatch
monster5$Nightmare Sasquatch
rcbandito$RC Bandito
scarab$Apocalypse Scarab
scarab2$Future Shock Scarab
scarab3$Nightmare Scarab
schlagen$Schlagen GT
slamvan4$Apocalypse Slamvan
slamvan5$Future Shock Slamvan
slamvan6$Nightmare Slamvan
toros$Toros
tulip$Tulip
vamos$Vamos
zr380$Apocalypse ZR380
zr3802$Future Shock ZR380
zr3803$Nightmare ZR380
caracara2$Caracara 4x4
drafter$8F Drafter
dynasty$Dynasty
emerus$Emerus
gauntlet3$Gauntlet Classic
gauntlet4$Gauntlet Hellfire
hellion$Hellion
issi7$Issi Sport
jugular$Jugular
krieger$Krieger
locust$Locust
paragon$Paragon R
paragon2$Paragon R (Armored)
peyote2$Peyote Gasser
nebula$Nebula Turbo
neo$Neo
novak$Novak
rrocket$Rampant Rocket
s80$S80RR
thrax$Thrax
zion3$Zion Classic
zorrusso$Zorrusso
asbo$Asbo
formula2$R88
formula$PR4
furia$Furia
imorgon$Imorgon
jb7002$JB 700W
kanjo$Blista Kanjo
komoda$Komoda
minitank$Invade and Persuade Tank
outlaw$Outlaw
rebla$Rebla GTS
retinue2$Retinue Mk II
stryder$Stryder
sugoi$Sugoi
sultan2$Sultan Classic
vagrant$Vagrant
vstr$V-STR
yosemite2$Drift Yosemite
zhaba$Zhaba
club$Club
coquette4$Coquette D10
dukes3$Beater Dukes
gauntlet5$Gauntlet Classic Custom
glendale2$Glendale Custom
landstalker2$Landstalker XL
manana2$Manana Custom
openwheel1$BR8
openwheel2$DR1
penumbra2$Penumbra FF
peyote3$Peyote Custom
seminole2$Seminole Frontier
tigon$Tigon
yosemite3$Yosemite Rancher
youga3$Youga Classic 4x4
veto2$Veto Modern
squaddie$Squaddie
dinghy5$Weaponized Dinghy
annihilator2$Annihilator Stealth
italirsx$Itali RSX
veto$Veto Classic
toreador$Toreador
slamtruck$Slamtruck
weevil$Weevil
vetir$Vetir
alkonost$RO-86 Alkonost
patrolboat$Kurtz 31 Patrol Boat
avisa$Avisa
brioso2$Brioso 300
verus$Verus
longfin$Longfin
seasparrow2$Sparrow
winky$Winky
manchez2$Manchez Scout
kosatka$Kosatka
freightcar2$Freight Train
comet6$Comet S2
dominator7$Dominator ASP
dominator8$Dominator GTT
euros$Euros
futo2$Futo GTX
rt3000$RT3000
sultan3$Sultan RS Classic
tailgater2$Tailgater S
growler$Growler
vectre$Vectre
remus$Remus
calico$Calico GTF
cypher$Cypher
jester4$Jester RR
zr350$ZR350
previon$Previon
warrener2$Warrener HKR
shinobi$Shinobi
reever$Reever
champion$Champion
cinquemila$Cinquemila
iwagen$I-Wagen
ignus2$Weaponized Ignus
ignus2_hsw$Weaponized Ignus (HSW)
s95$S95
s95_hsw$S95 (HSW)
cyclone2$Cyclone II
cyclone2_hsw$Cyclone II (HSW)
astron2$Astron Custom
astron2_hsw$Astron Custom (HSW)
arbitergt$Arbiter GT
arbitergt_hsw$Arbiter GT (HSW)
banshee_hsw$Banshee (HSW)
brioso_hsw$Brioso R/A (HSW)
deveste_hsw$Deveste Eight (HSW)
astron$Astron
baller7$Baller ST
buffalo4$Buffalo STX
comet7$Comet S2 Cabrio
deity$Deity
ignus$Ignus
jubilee$Jubilee
patriot3$Patriot Mil-Spec
zeno$Zeno
granger2$Granger 3600LX
youga4$Youga Custom
omnisegt$Omnis e-GT
sentinel4$Sentinel Classic Widebody
ruiner4$Ruiner ZZ-8
brioso3$Brioso 300 Widebody
corsita$Corsita
draugur$Draugur
kanjosj$Kanjo SJ
postlude$Postlude
torero2$Torero XO
vigero2$Vigero ZX
lm87$LM87
tenf$10F
tenf2$10F Widebody
rhinehart$Rhinehart
conada$Conada
greenwood$Greenwood
sm722$SM722
weevil2$Weevil Custom
tulip2$Tulip M-100
surfer3$Surfer Custom
manchez3$Manchez Scout C
journey2$Journey II
entity3$Entity MT
brickade2$Brickade 6x6
r300$300R
tahoma$Tahoma Coupe
powersurge$Powersurge
issi8$Issi Rally
broadway$Broadway
panthere$Panthere
everon2$Hotring Everon
virtue$Virtue
eudora$Eudora
boor$Boor
entity3_hsw$Entity MT (HSW)
feltzer3_hsw$Stirling GT (HSW)
hakuchou2_hsw$Hakuchou Drag (HSW)
issi8_hsw$Issi Rally (HSW)
sentinel_hsw$Sentinel XS (HSW)
turismo2_hsw$Turismo Classic (HSW)
vigero2_hsw$Vigero ZX (HSW)
buffalo5_hsw$Buffalo EVX (HSW)
coureur_hsw$La Coureuse (HSW)
monstrociti_hsw$MonstroCiti (HSW)
stingertt_hsw$Itali GTO Stinger TT (HSW)
l35$Walton L35
streamer216$Streamer216
speedo5$Speedo Custom
ratel$Ratel
monstrociti$MonstroCiti
stingertt$Itali GTO Stinger TT
raiju$F-160 Raiju
clique2$Clique Wagon
buffalo5$Buffalo EVX
conada2$Weaponized Conada
inductor2$Junk Energy Inductor
inductor$Inductor
coureur$La Coureuse
gauntlet6$Hotring Hellfire
brigham$Brigham